# AI_project_decision_tree
Implementation of decision tree for diagnosis of diabetes

## Description:
In this exercise, we will implement the decision tree.
In the first step, the decision tree for discrete data is implemented according to the pseudocode presented in the class slides. To test the implementation, 12 data sets of the restaurant example are tested (you can consider all 12 data sets as a training set, without a separate test set). Compare the tree you create with the tree presented in the slides.
In the second step, the data related to the diagnosis of diabetes are used. This data is delivered in a file called csv.diabetes. In this database there are examples with 8 features and a binary output. Its purpose is to detect the presence or absence of diabetes with the help of these 8 inputs. First, divide the data into two sets of training and testing (how many percent for training and what percent for testing? For example, 80% and 20% can It is good, 50% and 50% can be tested).
Consider numerical intervals to discretize continuous inputs (or inputs with very large values). The simplest idea (which is acceptable in this exercise) is to divide the minimum to maximum interval of numbers in the training set into a number of equal intervals (how many? Try different numbers) and two additional intervals for such features. Consider for values less than the minimum and more than the maximum (because there may be values less than the minimum and more than the maximum in the experimental data). You can also try better ideas for discretization, such as sorting and selecting cut points in each node of the tree based on the samples present in that node. You can also test your new and creative ideas and compare the results with the previous modes (equal intervals or selection of cut points according to sorting). All the implementation of better ideas for discretization are suggested and if they are not implemented, they will not have a negative score.
It is suggested to implement the same intervals first (you will not lose anything from the grade) and if you have time, go to the next ideas.
Keep in mind that you should not use ready-made functions to implement the decision tree. Therefore, you have to implement the entropy formula yourself. Using ready-made functions for the next sections is unimpeded (and even recommended). For example, for reading Excel, maybe the graphic display of the tree output (which is not required), display the accuracy of the output, etc.
